yo this is recap raps put the kids to
bed y'all we're getting all ready up in
here it's dead pool time pool time
maximum average here we got an origin
story mostly told through flashbacks
luck to you by over paid tools and ass
had the Wolverine blueprint with a
slightly different pattern multiply the
violence as a [ __ ] Green Lantern but
you can call him wait Bilson
now pizza muncher Niner hugging Merc
with up now never stops talking to keep
the shot knocking back at st. Margaret's
with Erlich Bachman it's only friend
until he meets Vanessa they spend a year
doing it and playing dress-up so
beautiful and kinky the proposal with
the Ring Pop everything's cool cancer
throws everything off the cures inside a
[ __ ] up institution the tortures him
until he turns into a mutant like Ajax
ANSYS eat the wagon CD is turns a
perfect idiot real [ __ ] hideous he
broke the place down
The Ventures in this balls need to break
something oh hey fourth wall just call
me - boom from the moon
cheesy warbling
Hey
just like this chorus on the move
get it now he's on the warpath to find
and kill Francis just disappeared so the
only real plan they just got with the
city and [ __ ] up the cronies katanas gun
and [ __ ] Zamboni's back to the
freeway you're ready for some cool [ __ ]
takes down our whole gang with only 12
bullets [ __ ] up Francis get somewhere
we want somebody suddenly interrupted by
a metal debuff russian looking for
excellent weight declines the option
then punches off get scuffed pulls in
aron ralston
down in the dumps as he grows a tiny
baby hand builds up a Coonan with his
old blind baby brand hiding for Vanessa
wants to tell her the truth but all of a
sudden talking is a hard thing to do
find the rat a club starring DJ excel
see or follow our back but she ain't
there no more just call me from the moon
great cast
this is singing now enjoy Andy he needs
all the guns
stop some in the duffel bag 3000 round
pack water buns of people mag open dis
bad vibe piling juvies yellow cab own
motion bad ass whoops left the duffel
bag oh well he's going all stores no
lead nothing compares to negasonic
teenage warhead losses fight scream does
this gentleman best well win slices
kneecaps and hacks heads off next
Francis face off no sign of stopping
that is until II take two [ __ ] knife
to the noggin Vanessa saves a man the
building crashes down everybody survived
I'm gonna kill Francis week but up
street you'd like advice from glosses
405 Romans that's only cool mask removal
show the human blood blister she don't
seem to care they make out the Careless
Whisper sequels being written but
nothing is to get banal and I was born
dog's death go into prison that was
Deadpool y'all this is recap rep let us
know in the comments what you want to
see next right probably win some
chimichangas I'll catch you on the flip
and [ __ ] what's up guys thanks for
watching if you like this when I check
out either these other two dope videos
of ours and as always be sure to hit
that subscribe button to stay up to date
on all the latest work don't content
coming at you every Tuesday and Thursday
what are y'all still doing here
videos over go home what so now